Update manual (#140)
SwedbankPay/swedbank-pay-woocommerce-checkout: installation-guide.md

![image4](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6286270/63705382-44828a00-c82d-11e9-9940-b5632c76dd4d.png)

> To connect your module to the Swedbank Pay system you need to navigate to https://admin.externalintegration.payex.com/psp/beta for test and https://admin.payex.com/psp/beta for production accounts and generate tokens:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect your module to the Swedbank Pay system you need to navigate to [Swedbank Pay Merchant Portal (test)](https://merchantportal.externalintegration.swedbankpay.com/) for test and [Swedbank Pay Merchant Portal](https://merchantportal.swedbankpay.com/) for production accounts and generate tokens:
```
